---
layout: default
title: What we do
es: /que-hacemos
has_sidebar: true
---

{% include sidebar-start.html %}

h2. Open Source

<a href="http://www.opensource.org" title="Open Source Initiative" style="background-image: url(/images/what-we-do/osi_standard_logo.jpg)" class="image-link big-link rounded-5">Open Source Initiative</a>

In Splendeo we use Open Source technologies. This makes us more competitive and efficient.

You can see the source code of our projects (including this website) here:

<a href="http://github.com/splendeo" title="Splendeo@Github" style="background-image: url(/images/what-we-do/splendeo@github.png)" class="image-link wide-link rounded-5">Open Source Initiative</a>

We use the following technologies:

(h-list osi-list)* <a href="http://rubyonrails.org" title="Ruby on Rails" style="background-image: url(/images/what-we-do/rails_logo.gif)" class="image-link tech-link">Ruby on Rails</a>
* <a href="http://apache.org" title="Apache" style="background-image: url(/images/what-we-do/apache_logo.gif)" class="image-link tech-link">Apache</a>
* <a href="http://postgresql.org" title="PostgreSQL" style="background-image: url(/images/what-we-do/postgresql_logo.gif)" class="image-link tech-link">PostgreSQL</a>
*(last) <a href="http://www.ubuntu.com" title="Ubuntu" style="background-image: url(/images/what-we-do/ubuntu_logo.gif)" class="image-link tech-link">Ubuntu</a>

h2. SEO

<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Search_engine_optimization" title="Search Engine Optimization (SEO)" style="background-image: url(/images/what-we-do/seo.png)" class="image-link big-link rounded-5">Search Engine Optimization (SEO)</a>

We are experts in optimizing websites so they improve their results on searchers.

Our key points are: *style*, *structure* & *relevancy*.

h2. Mobile

<a href="http://www.jquerymobile.com" title="JQuery Mobile - Websites optimized for mobile devices" style="background-image: url(/images/what-we-do/mobile.png)" class="image-link big-link rounded-5">JQuery Mobile - Websites optimized for mobile devices</a>

Mobile devices are increasingly popular on the web. Some sites are already even targeting them as their main type of browser.

We know how to make websites mobile-ready. We respect web standards and use "JQuery Mobile":http://www.jquerymobile.com.

{% include sidebar-end.html %}

p(centered). In Splendeo we follow a very simple set of directives while developing our products:

notextile. <dl class="win-container"><dd class='w'><a href="#w"><span class="show-on-hover">

h2(win-title). %(underline bold)Web% applications

p(win-question translucent-bg rounded-5). Why web?

notextile. </span></a></dd><dd class='i'><a href="#i"><span class="show-on-hover">

h2(win-title). %(underline bold)Intuitive% applications

p(win-question translucent-bg rounded-5). Will I know how to use it?

notextile. </span></dd><dd class='n'><a href="#n"><span class="show-on-hover">

h2(win-title). %(underline bold)Necessary% applications

p(win-question translucent-bg rounded-5). Will the app do everything I need?

notextile. </span></a></dd></dl>

<h2 id="w" class="big-left-icon" style="background-image: url(/images/what-we-do/w.png)"><span class="underline">Web</span> applications</h2>

Compared with traditional desktop applications, web applications are:

* More accesible: they are available from every computer, mobile phone or pda through Internet.
* Cheaper and easier to maintain: you don't have any servers or network to maintain.
* More reliable: your data is safer on a dedicated server.

<h2 id="i" class="big-left-icon" style="background-image: url(/images/what-we-do/i.png)"><span class="underline">Intuitive</span> applications</h2>

We are experts in making easily and quickly understandable applications.

* Start working right away
* One (and only one) button for each task.
* Our buttons are always easily identifiable.

<h2 id="n" class="big-left-icon" style="background-image: url(/images/what-we-do/n.png)"><span class="underline">Necessary</span> applications</h2>

We know how to fullfill our client's expectations. For each new project:

* We find any already-made solution that fits with the requirements.
* Or we develop a new solution.
* If the time or money constraints are not possible to satisfy, we say so.

p(spaced). Intrigued? We'd like to hear from you. <a onclick="show_contact_form('/en/contact-ajax/'); return false;" href="/en/contact/">Contact us!</a>
