---
layout: default
title: Who we are
es: /quienes-somos
---

<div class="prepend-1 span-22">

h2. "Who we are":/en/who-we-are/

Splendeo was founded in Madrid bringing together three partners with expertise in software development, usability and enterprise processes optimization.

We've already created some engaging products and we're constantly trying to incorporate more talent to our team.

h3. Partners

h4(#egarcia). Enrique García

Enrique is a Computer Scientist that speaks fluently English, French and Spanish. He started programming the "Sinclair Spectrum 48k":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ZX_Spectrum, and hasn't stopped programming since them, except for a brief encounters with the consultancy world). He's an expert on managing expectations and is responsible of applying the graphic design to Splendeo's software.

"LinkedIn":http://es.linkedin.com/pub/enrique-garc%C3%ADa-cota/23/11a/5bb | "Stack Overflow":http://stackoverflow.com/users/312586/egarcia

h4(#fjuan). Francisco de Juan

Francisco is a very enterprising Aeronautical Engineer. He's designing and developing web applications using several technologies since 2008. He's got experience dealing with clients and is an usability expert. He's also the person responsible for Splendeo's server architecture and maintenance plans.

"LinkedIn":http://es.linkedin.com/in/franciscodejuan | "Stack Overflow":http://stackoverflow.com/users/253956/fjuan

h4(#eroibas). Enrique Roibás

Enrique has a Degree in Business Administration and has experience in costs control, financial management and process analysis. At Splendeo he's responsible of defining and applying our business strategy.

"LinkedIn":http://es.linkedin.com/in/enriqueroibas

</div>
